# CPSC 351 - Project 2
## PART A: Computing Fibonacci Numbers With Threads [ 50 points ]  
  
The Fibonacci sequence is the series of numbers 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8,....  Formally, it can be expressed as:  
*fib0 = 0  
fib1 = 1  
fibn = fibn-1 + fibn-2* 
  
Write a C++ program that generates the Fibonacci series using the pthread library. This program should work as follows: The user will enter on the command line the number of Fibonacci numbers that the program will generate. The program will then create a thread that will generate the Fibonacci numbers placing the sequence in a global data structure that is shared by the thread and parent thread (a vector is probably the most convenient data structure). Note that the thread function should be iterative when calculating fibonacci (can be recursive, but maybe difficult to implement). When the thread finishes execution, the parent thread will output the sequence generated by the child thread. Because the parent thread cannot begin outputting the Fibonacci sequence until the child thread finishes, this will require having the parent thread wait for the child thread to finish, using the techniques described in lectures pertaining to threads. Note that the vector should only have those many terms as the user wanted.  
  
**The name of this program must be fibonacci.cpp**  
  
## PART B: Printing Alpha Numeric Words [ 100 points ]  
  
Write a C++ program (using the pthread library) that accepts a phrase of unspecified length on the command line. For example: 
  
prompt$: ./alphanumeric “Operating Systems 351 begins at 1:00pm or 4:00pm”  
  
The main() in this program should read the phrase from the terminal. This phrase can be read into a global variable. This phrase or its parts can be directly accessed from the main() and from the threads. The main()  has to create two concurrent threads running functions (alpha and numeric). The threads should print only the words of the phrase as follows:   
  
**The alpha thread function should print all the words that start with an alphabet.  
The numeric thread function should print all the words starting with a number.**  
  
Note that the main thread (running main()) should not print anything itself, the output should be printed by the threads that it creates. The main() can decide which thread to begin executing first, or it can leave it to the threads to sort this out. The order of words in the phrase should not be changed in the print. Your program should work for any phrase of any reasonable length, not just the one given in the example. The output of your program should look similar to the following  
  
$: ./alphanumeric “Operating Systems 351 begins at 1:00pm or 4:00pm”  
alpha: Operating  
alpha: Systems  
numeric: 351  
alpha: begins  
alpha: at  
numeric: 1:00pm  
alpha: or  
numeric: 4:00pm  
  
In this part you are *not allowed* to use ANY synchronization primitives including but not limited to: semaphores, mutexes, mutex locks such as pthread_mutex_lock and pthread_mutex_unlock and conditional variables such as pthread_cond_wait and pthread_cond_signal etc. from pthreads library for thread coordination. 
  
You DO NOT NEED to use sched_yield() to relinquish control of the CPU, but you can use it if you like. You may also investigate some of the other pthread functions available to you for this project, and use them if you like. Although you do not actually need them.  
  
The name of this program must be alphanumeric.cpp  
